HIDOKO: We found somebody--
George Nelson.
Former NIS agent in Vietnam.
Most of the guys
I served with are gone.
I'm not sure how long I got.
HETTY:
Harris Keane.
You don't remember
the helicopter crash?
You left me to die.
I thought you were dead.
I would have been
better off.
There's always someone
worth killing, and I did,
a hundred times over.
Then one day
I put my rifle down.
I don't even know what
home is anymore.
It's with us now.
You do know we have
a gas stove, right?
It's called "glamping"
for a reason.
Cooking s'mores on a stove
is blasphemy.
Lend a hand?We had to march
ten miles
just to get here,
and now you want me
to do physical labor?
First of all,
that was two miles, tops.
Second of all, this
hardly counts as labor.
And, quoth my dad,
it does build character.
So come on,
put your phone down and help.
All right, just hold on.
I got no service,
and I can't get this
stupid Wi-Fi to work.
Wasn't the whole point
of coming out here
to escape technology?I know, but-- Whoa!
What is that?
WOMAN:
Relax.
It's a rocket launch
from Vandenberg.
I saw a story about it
on the news last night.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
Oh, I gotta record this.
The 'Gram is gonna love it.
That can't...
be normal, right? Uh,
is that coming
towards us?
Yeah.
It is. Run!
Run!
Go! Go!
Go!
♪
I'm not saying it's stupid,
I'm just saying it's boring.
It's not boring,
it's soothing.
It's a waste of time,
Deeks.
Whoa. That's like saying that
therapy is a waste of time,
because after a long day
of things blowing up,
and getting shot at
and arresting bad guys,
I just like to go home
and relax and watch
some Slow TV.Oh, my God.
Yesterday, you watched
eight full hours of a boat
crossing a fjord,
and nothing was happening.
The boat wasn't on fire,
there were no pirates
trying to board the boat.
There wasn't even
any music.
I know.
That's part of
the slow movement.
It's about finding
a better pace for life.
I like our pace.
What's wrong with our pace?
Just saying that things
are moving so fast
where, like, a single tweet
could start a nuclear war,
that we could all
benefit by just
slowing down a little bit.
Guys! There you are.Oh, my God.
We gotta go. We got a case.
It's a thing--
Well, it's more than a case.
It's so cool.
Just, you guys
gotta come.
Hurry, hurry, hurry!
Come on, come on, come on!
Was he foaming
at the mouth?
I'm having heart palpitations
just from watching that.
Here we go.
Last night,
Proxima Aerospace launched
a Janus III rocket
from the Vandenberg
Air Force Base.
91 seconds into flight,
this happened.
Great.
Another episode
of Slow TV.It's very relaxing.
Hmm?
Oh, uh, jumped the gun
a little bit.
91 seconds into flight,
this happened.
Oh! That's what
I'm talkin' about.
Wait, there was no one
on board, right?
Correct.
It was unmanned,
but it was carrying
a top-secret payload
from the National
Reconnaissance Office.
The NRO designs,
builds
and operates the government
spy satellites.
That payload should be
orbiting the Earth right now,
but instead, it crashed
somewhere deep in the
Los Padres National Forest.
Campers and hikers
have been reporting
debris sightings
all morning,
but, unfortunately,
nothing significant
has been recovered.
The defense department
has launched
a massive search effort--
it's all hands on deck.
Which also includes us.
I just sent agents
Callen, Hanna and Jones
to the operations base
in Los Padres.
They should be
arriving shortly.
KENSI: What about
me and Deeks?And me, Eric Beale.
'Cause I'm going, too.
And Hidoko.DEEKS: I'm terrified.
Where are we going?
The four of you will be
investigating
the failure of the rocket.
By going to Proxima Aerospace.
Home of the next
generation of space flight.
Eric.
Yes?
I just got off the phone
with the NRO director.Uh-huh.
Proxima will be
coming to us.
Well, with all due respect,
Assistant Director,
I'm gonna be of much
more use on site.
KENSI: I hate to say it,
but I do agree.
If something went wrong
with the rocket,
the evidence is probably
at Proxima.
This wasn't an accident.
It was sabotage.
Sabotage? We-Well, then the
saboteur will be at Proxima.
Let's go. Come on!Eric.
The NRO already has a suspect
they'd like us to question.
They're headed over
to the boatshed now.
I'm sorry, I don't understand.
When am I going to Proxima?
Can you two handle this?
KENSI: Yeah, we got it.
Yeah, of course.
DEEKS:
All right, little buddy,
we're gonna get you
through this.What?
I got a video for you to watch
on the way over.
A video?Yeah. It's about
a boat.
Oh...ERIC: But rockets...
He is a genius,
but boy,
is he high-maintenance.
Yeah.
Whatever this payload is,
it must be important.
It's like they're
preparing for battle.
SAM: 3,000 square miles
of wilderness.
Mother Nature's a force
to be reckoned with.Mm.
So is the callof nature.
Hi, I really need
that restroom.
Again, I'm sorry
I missed the rest stop.
Well, you were driving,
and that makes you
the dad of the road trip.
And it's the dad's
responsibility to let
everyone know when
the rest stop's coming up.
She's not wrong.
I don't know
the rules. Okay?
I didn't do a lot of road
trips when I was a kid.
You, by the way,
are an actual dad.
Why didn't you
say something, huh?
Oh, that's right,
you slept the whole way.
Yeah, well, I was an actual
dad until 2:00 a.m.,
helping Kam study
for her finals exam.
I deserve a couple
hours of shut-eye.Ah, finally.
Which one of you is
the lion tamer
Because... this is a circus?
Sorry. Haven't slept in 36
hours-- I get a little loopy.
Melissa Gates, NRO mission
director's chief of staff.
Agent Callen,
this is Agent Jones,
Agent Hanna.
NCIS Office of Special Projects.Perfect.
This is a very special project.
If you'll follow me,
I'll show you our
little big top.
Okay, we'll get you guys
set up down here
in the command post,
and then we'll get you
out in the field.
Hey, hey, hey, my area.
Get away from that.
Any progress
on the search so far?
We've recovered a number
of pieces of the rocket,
but still haven't located
the payload.
Funny thing about
these satellites,
their transponders
don't actually activate
until they reach space.
Let's just say this one
fell a bit short.
Emphasis on "fell."
So, it-it is a satellite.
I shouldn't have said that.
No, you shouldn't have.
I'm so sorry, sir.
Uh, Colonel Lawson is
the NRO mission director
for the launch.
Colonel Lawson,
Agents Callen,
Hanna and Jones.
NCIS.We need you geared up
and in the field ASAP.
The longer this
payload is missing,
the more likely it is
to be damaged or destroyed.
SAM: Well, it would
help us to know
a little bit more about
what it is we're looking for.
Let me be clear, Agent.
I am not here to help you.
You're here to help me.
And if I point
in a direction, you go there.
Understood?
Yes, sir.
Gates, with me.
Well, I'm sure on days
when his rocket doesn't blow up
he's a really nice guy.
Keane?
Keane...
We need to talk.
All right,
you guys all set?
Water, sunscreen, MREs?
We're good.
Where's the helo dropping us?
Glad you asked.
So, your landing zone
will be 20 klicks from here,
and I will be monitoring you
the entire time.
CALLEN:
Oh, that's reassuring.
That's fun. Yeah,
this command post was
put up in a hurry.
Probably just working
some kinks out.
Luckily, we've got
ye olde analog alternative.
Sweet. Okay,
so the white pins
and red circles indicate
areas where we believe
debris has fallen.
Now, that's based on
visual sightings
and ballistic arcs.
The remaining
pins indicate
locations of search parties
currently in the field.
You guys will be dropped
right about here,
and then you will
work clockwise and out.
Walking around
in circles.
That sounds like fun.
LAWSON:
I don't want to hear excuses.
Get them on the radio
or get out of my command post.
SAM:
Gates.
What's going on?
We lost contact with a search
party half an hour ago.
Which party?
Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Three-man party
led by Agent Murphy.
Don't worry, it's probably
just technical difficulties.
Gates.
Ah, the ringmaster needs me.
Your chopper leaves
in five.
Happy hunting.
Every member of that team
has their own radio.
I find it very hard to believe
that they all went out
at the exact same time.
And they have sat phones,
like us.
CALLEN: That's not far
from where we're going.
You thinking
what I'm thinking?People over payload.
Let's take a little detour.
Colonel Grumpy Pants
is not gonna like that.
All the more reason.
Mm-hmm.
Chelsea Parker.
There's been a mistake.
So you didn't program an
unauthorized increase in thrust,
causing an
explosion and crash?
No, that's insane.
We're just saying, 'cause it
was done from your station.
I worked for years
on this launch.
Nights, weekends.
I sacrificed relationships.
Why would I sabotage it
after all that?
Well, Chelsea, that's what
we're here to find out.
This is everything
we know about you,
and we are going
to go through it...
I just can't
believe this.
How long has she worked for you?
Five years.
Model employee,
or so I thought.
I mean, when I checked the
programming after the explosion
and saw what she had done,
I thought I was going crazy.
All right, launch sequence,
main engine burn,
no surprises there.
Though, in retrospect,
I should've seen
the warning signs.
This is where she
programmed the increase--
Wait a second.
I mean, she follows
Edward Snowden on Twitter.
Why did she...
She goes to all
of those marches,
you know, for women
and minorities.
Who I support, absolutely,
but there's a radical element.
Nope.
Eric, where
are you...
Show me how you'd program
a stage separation sequence.
You heard the man.
What's he doing?
That is a very good question.
And?
She's free to go.
Uh... hold on,
hold on a second.You're free to go.
Yeah, you don't actually
get to say that.
Well, she didn't
sabotage the rocket.
What?In computer programming,
there are two methods
of code indentation,
using spaces and using tabs.
Yeah.
The code used to sabotage the
rocket was written with tabs.
All of Chelsea's code,
including this one,
used spaces.
That's not...
I-- She might've just done that
to throw us off the trail.
Okay, but then why would she
program it from her own station?
That seems
counterintuitive.
ERIC:
Bingo. Clearly, it wasn't her.
I always use spaces.
It's not as efficient,
but it's more accurate, right?
Totally.
Honestly,
tabs drive me insane.Oh, my God.
Up the wall.
They're the worst.
Whenever Donald
asks me to fix his code,
I want to pull
my hair out.Oh, my God. Drive me bananas.
Hold on a second.
Donald, as in Donald Jenkins,
your boss who's just outside
CHELSEA:
Yeah.
And he has access
to your station?
He's my boss.
Ah!Hidoko!
He took a swing at me.
It was pathetic.
So pathetic.
Ugh!
Okay.
All right.
Tabs.
Sorry about the mess.
You were good
enough to put me up.
Oh, I don't care
about the mess, Keane.
You were avoiding my calls.
The psychologist
I recommended
says you never showed up
to the appointment.
I was worried.
And I think I was right to be.
It's this...
It's, uh... this dry climate.
I'm-I'm not used to it.
I keep getting nosebleeds.
Hetty, if I wanted
to kill myself,
I would have done it long ago.
Hell, I've had
plenty of chances.
What is all this?
It looks like letters,
but I don't see
any envelopes.
Keane?
That's because the Post Office
doesn't deliver
where they're gonna go.
It's...
Uh...
Captain Thien Lu,
83rd Viet Cong Sapper Battalion.
He wiped out an entire
village for talking
to the Americans.
After the war,
he settled down on a farm.
That's where I found him.
And that's where I took him out.
While his wife
and three daughters
slept in-in the other room.
Madame Song.
Sh-She delivered young girls
to the Khmer Rouge.
And
One night, I-I followed
her home and...
Stop.
I don't need to hear this.
You can't keep doing
this to yourself.
This is not atonement.
This is punishment.
My sins are all
I have left, Hetty.
Keane.
There's a suit
in there.
Put it on.
You're coming with me.
Okay.
Mountains, forest,
oceans, desert,
all within an hour's
drive of L.A.
Sometimes I forget
how lucky we are.
Not sure everyone
would agree with you.
Earthquakes,
forest fires, mudslides.
Sometimes it feels like we're
playing disaster roulette.
Disaster roulette.
There's danger everywhere.
At least we get a little
beauty with our beast.
NELL :
Callen, Sam, you copy?
CALLEN:
Go ahead, Nell.
All right, I am tracking
your progress,
and you are in fact approaching
the missing search party's
last known coordinates.
Thanks.
Agent Murphy!
NCIS! We're here
to help!
Agent Murphy.
Sam.
G.
That's an entire
search party.
We're not the only ones
looking for that payload.
Yeah, whatever that
satellite does,
someone's willing
to kill for it.
I-I swear, I didn't mean
to assault that agent.
Calling whatever
that was "assault"
seems to be giving you
too much credit.
Would you call
yourself a
betting man, Donald?
Uh...It's okay, we know
about the gambling.
And the debt
that you're in.
$75,000, to be exact.
Well, being a bad gambler's
not a crime.
No, just motive
to sabotage a rocket,
but, you know what,
accessory to murder,
that actually is a crime.I'm sorry.
Murder?One of the search parties
looking for the payload
from the rocket you blew up,
they were taken out.
As in shot dead. That is
three Special Agents
who are not coming home
to their families.
You did that.
They're dead
because of you.
I...
Ah, it wasn't supposed
to happen like this.
So why don't
you tell us
how it was supposed to happen?
I was approached by a loan shark
that I owed.
Name.
Franco Martinez.
Only, he-he-he wasn't
coming to collect, he was
offering to pay off my debt,
half up front
and half afterwards,
plus a bonus if I just did
this little
thing for him.
This little thing being
sabotaging a rocket
carrying a top secret
government payload.
Not so much a
little thing.
If I had known people
were gonna get killed,
I never would've agreed.
Mm-hmm.
Ugh, stupid Donald.
Oh, so stupid, stupid,
stupid, stupid,
stupid, stupid, stupid.
Stop hitting yourself
in the head.
Stupid, stupid
Donald.
Yeah, I'll go get him.
Franco Martinez.
Small time loan shark,
known to operate in Koreatown.
But somebody is putting
a lot of money into this.
Franco's probably
the middleman.
Agreed. We need to figure out
whoever's bankrolling
this operation.
Have Donald contact Franco
and arrange a meet.
Sorry, so you
want us to put
that guy in the field?
Unfortunately, I don't think
we have much of a choice.
Walk him through it, coach him.
I don't have to have
faith in the student,
just the teachers.
Stupid!
Right, this is...
I don't...
...stupid.
Oh, man.
All three of them
took a hit in the back.
They were ambushed.
Sam.
Yeah?I only found two
of the walkies.
One of them's missing.
Hey, guys,
so the helo's en route
to evac the bodies
and we're attaching
Marine fire teams
to all search parties.
Wait, why are you calling me
on a sat phone?
Nell, a walkie was taken
from one of the bodies.
We have to stay off
open airwaves.
Sat phones only.
NELL: That is going to slow down
the search process.
Small price to pay.
We can't risk it.
All right, I will alert the
colonel. Wait, before you go,
the search party you found
was looking for
a large piece of debris
that landed
just east of your
current location.
If the killers were after
their payload,
there's a good bet
they're headed there now.
Thanks, Nell.Yup.
Can never just go for a nice
walk in the woods, can we?
DEEKS:
You know, I've been thinking.
Now would be a good time for
zeppelins to make a comeback.
You mean blimps?
Uh, how dare you?
A blimp is just
a floating billboard.
I'm talking
about a dirigible.
I mean, talk about staterooms
and martini bars,
hot tubs, all while the scenery
is just peacefully floating by.
Oh, I'm so glad you're
still on this slow kick.
Well, slow is the new fast.
Why not do slow travel?
Because we already have that
in L.A.
It's called driving.
DONALD:
Hello?
Can you two keep it down?
I am barely holding it
together here.
All right, Donald.
You need to take a few breaths
and relax.
Okay? We got your back.Relax.
DONALD: I am trying,
but now all I can think about
are blimps, which, by the way,
had their shot and we all know
how that ended.
DEEKS:
Yeah, says the guy whose rocket
just, "Oh, the humanitied"
all over the national forest,
Donald.
KENSI:
Heads up.
I got eyes on Franco.
DEEKS:
You can do this.
Slow and steady.
I contact you,
not the other way around.
Remember, Donny?
I know, but I-I, uh, I need
the other half of my money.
That wasn't the deal.
We still got to
retrieve the payload.
What if I could help you
do that?
There is a, uh,
program on this
that'll open a backdoor
to Proxima's systems
and activate the transponder.
Once you're in,
you can export
the location data...Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Pump the brakes. All right?
I don't know a lot
about this technobabble stuff.
Tell you what.
Come with me,
explain it to him yourself.
Uh, I don't think
that's necessary.
Can't you just take it?
FRANCO:
Well, you see, Donny,
it's his money, not mine.
Franco's armed.
You want to change the deal,
it's him you got to talk to.
KENSI:
Just do what he says, Donald.
Is there a problem?
Donald, say no
or shake your head.
For the love of God,
do something.
Good. Vámonos.
KENSI:
Donald, it's gonna be okay.
You're gonna have to ditch your
earwig in case they search you,
but do not worry.
The tracker on
the USB is active,
so we got your back
the whole way.
And now we've got no ears.
Well, at least
he's a capable agent
with years of training
to fall back on.
What could
possibly go wrong?
He died a few weeks ago...
after a long battle
with a presumptive condition.
Agent Orange?
I only just
found out yesterday.
Do you remember Nelson?
I barely knew him, Hetty.
It was a lifetime ago.
You have one, too. A grave.
Back in Wyoming
next to your parents.
But that one's empty.
Is it?
You may not
want to die, Keane,
but you don't want to live,
either.
And that's a problem...
...because I owe you a life.
Then let me make it
easy on you, Hetty.
I absolve you of your debt.
But...
doesn't matter if-if
I forgive you, does it,
when you...
can't forgive yourself
for leaving me behind?
It's coming
for us all, Keane.
It's already taken
George and Owen.
Charles is fighting
as best he can.
I need to make this right
with the time I have left.
But I can't do it alone.
He'll be here
soon enough.
You like golf?
Not particularly.
Grab yourself a drink.
All your troubles
will soon be gone.
Yeah, looks like whoever
they're meeting isn't here yet.
We got to find a way
to get ears on them.
Did I get the best idea ever.
Oh, what?
WOMAN:
Is anyone out there?
I repeat. Can anyone hear me?
Nell told everyone to stay
off the radios, right?
Hey, Sam.
Yeah, we can hear it, too.
This is Vanessa Podrasky.
My boyfriend and I
saw the rocket crash last night.
We went out into the woods this
morning to check out the debris
and we found something
that looks important.
See if you can track
the source.
No one respond until...
MAN:
We hear you, Vanessa.
Can you describe what you found?
VANESSA: Oh, thank God.Who is that?
We've been trying
every frequency.
Um, okay.It's no one on our end.
It's a bit damaged
but it's a metal cube
about eight inches
on either side
and it has what looks like
are solar panels on it.
That's the payload.
MAN: Vanessa,
what is your location?
Vanessa, my name is Callen.
I am a federal agent.
For your own safety,
stay off the radio.
Why wouldn't we be safe?
I told you that this thing
is probably radioactive
or something.
MAN:
Vanessa, what's your location?
CALLEN:
Don't answer that, Vanessa.
You could be in danger.
Okay.
Look, don't talk to us
about being in danger.
This thing almost killed us.
Send somebody up here
to come and get it.
We're at a campsiteDamn it.
two miles north of the
Jubilee Trailhead.
MAN: Perfect.
We're ten minutes away.
Who is this? Identify yourself.
MAN:
Sit tight, Vanessa.
We're coming to get you.
Nell, talk us in.
Yeah, so, we've located
the campsite
mentioned over the radio.
It turns out it's just 2.4 miles
east of your current location.
We redirected a search drone
to the area
and it should be overhead soon.Wait, wait, wait.
The voice on the radio said
they were ten minutes away
from the campsite.
There's no way we're gonna
make it before then.
Vanessa, you and your boyfriend
are in serious danger.
The man you were
talking to on the radio
has already killed
three federal agents
and he is headed your way.
They don't know who to trust.
Vanessa, if you can hear me,
you have to trust me.
You need to move right now.
Take your radio and run.Let's go, G.
Double-time.
Oh! Got ahold of that one.
The august crowd,
normally reserved,
goes wild.
You got a nice swing.
Oh, thanks.
You should see me Lindy Hop.
Care for a friendly game?
Maybe put a few dollars on it?
What are you thinking, huh?
A little horseBlue pin.
One shot each.
Closest wins.
Say ten bucks to start.
Well, that, my friend,
is music to my ears.
I'll take another.
KENSI:
I got it from here.
Manager wants to
see you downstairs.
Thanks.
What is taking so long?
Just relax. Be patient.
You're doing fine. Okay
And I'm cutting you off.
Ow. I mean, it's not bad,
but I don't think that's
making it to the dance floor.
Why don't you
watch and learn?
Take some notes.
First off, you got
to have super white pants
and secondly...
you got to get in there.
Can I get you
gentlemen anything?
DEEKS:
It's all in the hips.
Never seen you before. New?
Yeah, I'm new,
but I've been around.
Mm.
Make me a boulevardier. Rye.
It's a bold choice
for a bold man.
I like it.
DEEKS :
I hit so pretty.
Sorry, bud.
Floor is closed.
Oh. What?
No, we're playing a game.
He owes me ten bucks.
I don't know what
he's talking about.
What? Brother,
I got a whole bucket
of balls here.
Come on!
Well, that seemed excessive.
I got a bag.
I got more balls in there.
Seriously?
Those are rentals.
Now.
Ah, this place
is the worst.
You're getting one star.
Not happy.
The only thing you need
to know to work up here
is keep your eyes down and
forget everything you hear.
Just in one pretty ear...
...and out the other.
Understand?
I understand.
Very good. Cheers.
Aah.
And you must be Donald.
Come.
Let's talk.
Yo!
I'm picking up my clubs.
Give me two...
Okay, that was intentional.
MAN:
Get out of the way.
Kensi, I can't get a visual
on this guy.
Can you...
MAN:
Move!
Can you snap a photo
so we can ID him?
What exactly
are you proposing?
I think I can help
you find the payload.
Don't need your help
with that.
My people have
already located it.
They'll have it within an hour.
Oh. Well, in that case,
I'll, uh... just...
Stick around.
We have a deal.
As soon as it's
safely recovered,
you'll get the rest
of your money.
Sajad Khadem.
So he's an
Iranian millionaire?
Yeah, with ties to the
Ministry of Intelligence.
Why would Iran want
this payload so bad?
MOSLEY:
Because it is a next-gen
nanosatellite capable
of unmasking any violation
of the nuclear deal.
I twisted a few arms.
So, if Iran wants to keep
their nuclear program hidden,
they need to keep this satellite
out of the sky.
And recovering it would be
a huge win
for their spy program.
Yeah. Tell Kensi and Deeks
to apprehend Khadem
as soon as Donald is safe.Yes, ma'am.
KHADEM:
Yes, I see.
Good.
Do you know what I like
about golf,
Donald?
It's a game where you can really
take out your frustrations.
Aah!
As long as you don't mind
replacing a few clubs.
No, no, no, no, no.
Okay, okay.
DEEKS:
Kensi, what's going on?
Seriously?
Oh, please. Oh, please.
I knew you were taken in
by the feds this morning.
Oh, that's not gonna end well.
All right, guys, the drone
is online and moving over
your current position now.Copy that.
Whoa.
Guys, wait.
There is someone moving...
What was that
Callen, Sam, do you copy?
Oh, my... Are you kidding me?
Can you please
get the power up now?
Nell.
Lost her.
Vanessa
Agent Callen, NCIS.
I'm the one you were talking to.
This is Agent Hanna.Oh, my God.
I'm glad to see you.
I did what you said.
I stuffed the thing
in my bag and ran.
What about your boyfriend?
I couldn't convince him
to leave the campsite.
Are there really
dangerous people out here?
BOYFRIEND :
Vanessa?
Are you there?
That's Dave.
MAN:
Vanessa, we have your boyfriend.
Return the satellite to your
tent in the next ten minutes,
or he is dead.
You are going to tell me
everything you told them.
Now would be a good time
to take your break.
Yeah, of course. Um, hey,
let me just, um, grab my...
Federal agent.
DEEKS:
Kens?
Deeks, Khadem and Franco
are running.
On it!
Help!
Hang on, Donald.
Get down! LAPD. Get down.
LAPD. Don't do it.
Ow! Really?
You're gonna swing
a golf club?
Okay, we're doing this, huh?
You just want to...
Really glad we ironed this out.
Oh, wait.
It's a three wood.
Easy.
Please, don't
let me go.
Donald, do you trust me?I don't want to die!
You're not gonna die.
Don't let go of me.
See, you're okay.
You dropped me.
Yup.
I regret everything.
I did what you said.
Where's Dave?
Drop the bag.
Back away.
Duck!
Drop it!
Are you okay?
What about any of this
is okay, Vanessa?
This is why
I hate camping.
Want to get to know someone?
Take 'em camping.
We've never been camping.
Why do you think
we're still together?
Mm. Eric ID'd the strike team.
They were all mercenaries.
No connections to Iran.
Khadem still isn't talking.
Something still isn't adding up.
How did Khadem know that Donald
had been taken into custody?
And for that matter, how did
the Iranians even learn
about the satellite
in the first place?
Yeah.
Welcome back, and let me be the
first, and probably only one,
to tell you,
great job out there.
Thanks.
LAWSON:
Well, look at that.
He didn't need to know what
it was to find it after all.
Oh, you mean the nanosatellite
that was gonna keep an eye
on Iran's nuclear program?
CALLEN: Don't worry,
your secret's safe with us.
I would recommend that you do
an internal investigation ASAP.
What exactly
are you insinuating?
Everyone in my organization
has been thoroughly vetted.
NELL :
Hey, guys, you there?
SAM:
Go ahead, Nell. Where are you?
I'm just out back,
trying to get the power up,
and, look, the outage
definitely wasn't a glitch.
The line was deliberately cut,
by some sort of a...
Bomb.
Wouldn't you have heard a bomb?
No, no, no, no, no, there's
a bomb out here right now.
Clear everyone out of there.
Go, go, go. Let's go. Go! Move!
Gates, let's go. Gates!
Leave it. What are you doing?
Let's go.
Gates!
Callen, Sam, do you copy?
Callen?
Sam?
CALLEN:
You all right?
Oh, God. Yeah.
Did you guys...
Did you get everybody out?
All good.Okay.
Where's the satellite?
Who's got it?
Gates got it.
Where is she now?
Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
Go, go, go.
Sorry, Gates.
Circus isn't leaving
town just yet.
So let me see if I follow.
Granger met a woman over there,
she tried to kill him,
and then they had
a daughter together
who ended up working
as a North Korean spy.
Yup.
Good for him.
He needed to lighten up.
I should be getting back.
Keane, Keane, Keane, Keane.
Stay.
Hetty...
CALLEN: It's okay,
Nell, I'm not angry.
I'm just saying that when you're
driving on a road trip,
you are the dad.
And the dad is responsible
for calling out the rest stops.
Am I right?
He's right.
Everybody knows that.
Uh-huh.I mean, guys, I'm sorry,
I just, I don't know
how it happened.
Callen, you know, uh,
I apologize profusely.
You did that on purpose,
didn't you
Revenge is a dish best served
to someone with a full bladder?
I'm gonna grab Beale
and Hidoko
and I'll meet you there.
Well, you two look like
you've had a successful day.
SAM:
Harris.
It's good to see you again.
How you feeling?
Better. The docs
patched me up good.
Uh, we're sorry about Nelson.Yeah.
Hetty told us
yesterday.
He seemed like
a good guy.
Yeah, yeah, he was.
SAM:
So, uh...
we're gonna go grab a drink.
You want to join us?
Uh...
First round's on me.
KENSI: Thought you'd
want to curl up
with another
thrilling installment
of Boat in a Fjord?
It's actually called Hellemofjorden Ferje.
Ah, sorry.But a cocktail
with my fiancée
and my friends,
just what the doctor
ordered for tonight.
What do you think?
Uh, thanks. Maybe another time.
Hetty?
HETTY:
I think I'll
see you all in the morning.
KENSI:
See you tomorrow.
Good night.
Bye, Keane.
It's so good
to see them happy.
They've had a rough
couple of years...
...but they look out
for each other.
♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org